KEANE:
He saved our lives.
CARRIE:
Yeah.
KEANE: What was his name?
BRODY:
Carrie, you're not yourself.
CARRIE: But you don't have
my condition.
I'm dealing with it.
I-I've been dealing with it
since I was 22.
♪ ♪
MAGGIE: She said no one at work
could know. She's bipolar.
MAN: The mood of the country,
it's not great.
♪ ♪
O'KEEFE:
Civil... war.
CARRIE:
Madam President, please!
You have to put a stop to this!
WOMAN:
It's only getting worse.
QUINN:
Is there no fucking line?
HILLARY CLINTON: Ridiculous lies
and accusations.
♪ ♪
WOMAN: The White House
is in crisis mode.
SAUL: I'm talking
about information warfare.
CARRIE:
Our country is under attack.
♪ ♪
O'KEEFE:
The time to rise up is now!
♪ ♪
CARRIE:
I swore an oath to protect it.
(siren wailing)
QUINN: Just think of me
as a light on the headlands,
a beacon, steering you clear
of the rocks.
-YEVGENY: Sim?
-Hmm?
Simi?
(exhales)
Are we there?
Almost.
(exhales) How long have
I been out?
About an hour.
(exhales sharply)
You should have woken me.
I like watching you sleep.
No tails?
Nah, nothing.
What happens
when we get there?
I will put you in
the bed and, uh,
we won't get out
for a month.
My uncle-- he's got a place
near Sergiyev Posad.
We used to go there
in summers.
It's got woods.
It's beautiful.
So when they finish
debriefing you,
we'll go there.
(men speaking indistinctly)
(cellphone rings)
-(beep)
-(Yevgeny clears throat)
-YEVGENY: Yeah?
-CLAYTON: Have you had
any contact with your FBI guy
in the last day or two?
-No, why?
-How about Simone?
Simone, have you heard
from Dante lately?
-No.
-YEVGENY: No, she hasn't.
-Why? What's going on?
-Dante hasn't shown up
for work, and his phone
goes straight to voicemail.
I had his super ring
his doorbell a few times,
and no answer.
I'm on my way there now.
I'll call you back.
(beep)
That was Clayton.
Dante's missing.
He hasn't checked in
in a couple of days.
Strange. Maybe I missed
a message.
No. Nothing.
Has he done anything like this
before? Just disappeared?
Never.
Cold feet?
(sighs) He's already done
the difficult part.
It doesn't make sense.
Where is he then?
I don't know.
I can't go, then.
What are you talking about?
This can put the whole
operation at risk.
-That's absurd.
-(sighs)
The president will be blamed
for my disappearance,
just as she was blamed
for the death of McClendon.
You've won.
She's on her last legs.
Not if Dante
turned himself in.
If he's cooperating with
the authorities, then...
-No, he's not.
-You don't know that.
-I know him.
-I hope you're right.
It's no safer for you here
than it is for me.
-I'll be careful.
-Don't give me that shit!
You've been reckless
and you know it!
Coming to get me
was reckless.
Fine. Next time,
I'll leave you there.
You think this is a joke?
Leave it to Clayton.
That is why he is here.
I can't!
(jets powering up)
I can't.
Then I must plan
to never see you again.
Simone.
(tires peal, engine revs)
(telephone ringing in distance)
(monitor beeping steadily)
(inhaling deeply,
exhaling slowly)
(monitor continues
beeping steadily)
-Got anything?
-(exhales slowly)
No. They wanna put
a balloon pump in,
but at this point,
he's not strong enough
to survive the procedure.
-How's his cognitive function?
-They did a CAT scan.
There's no structural damage
to his brain, but...
we won't really know anything
until he wakes up.
They give you any sense
of when that might happen?
(exhales slowly) No.
(monitor continues
beeping steadily)
But he is gonna wake up?
The doctor thinks so.
He better.
(sighs heavily)
Anything on Simone?
We got teams out, but...
Is there any other way
to connect the Russians
to McClendon or Lucasville,
any of it?
Without Dante? No.
You realize he may deny
he said anything.
He may not even
remember he said it.
I have to get
to the White House,
brief the president.
-When he comes to...
-You'll be the first to know.
(exhales slowly)
(monitor continues
beeping steadily)
(reporters speaking
over each other)
Senator, why was tomorrow's
hearing canceled?
Hopefully, it's just postponed.
We're not sure at the moment.
WOMAN: Has the witness
chosen not to testify?
She was ready and willing
to testify.
Unfortunately, we no longer
know where she is.
(reporters shouting at once)
PALEY: All I can tell you
is that Ms. Martin was
under Federal protection
in an undisclosed location
known only to
the U.S. Marshal Service,
and now she's gone.
-WOMAN: Are you saying
she was kidnapped?
-I don't know what to say.
Frankly, the whole thing
is deeply troubling.
MAN: Do you believe
the White House had a hand
-in her disappearance?
-The sheer volume of links
between these
very disturbing events
and this administration
has become simply overwhelming.
WOMAN: Sir,
is impeachment on the table?
That's up to my colleagues
in the House.
But with the kind of behavior
we're seeing
from this president...
-That's enough.
-it's tough to imagine
we're not headed
in that direction.
-(remote control clatters)
-Anything?
Keeping a close eye on
the airports and the borders,
but likelihood is
Simone's already dead.
KEANE:
How did they find her?
WELLINGTON:
What about the FBI agent?
I mean, he can still testify
this was a Russian operation.
We were hoping that would
be the case, but, uh,
that's been problematic.
-Fucking hell.
-All right.
How much of the evidence
holds up on paper?
Not enough. Not yet.
But we can still make
a connection between
the Russians and the fake
Lucasville story, right?
Paley's suggesting
you disappeared a witness
from Federal Protection.
That's the starter pistol
on impeachment.
We can't come back at him with
a story about hostile tweets.
I think you may need
to read him in.
Who? Paley?
On what?
Everything.
Lay it out. Tonight even.
Maybe he'll tone down
the rhetoric,
give us some time
to stem the bleeding.
It's painful, I know.
-It's suicidal.
-She's right.
There's no telling what he'd do
with that kind of ammunition.
He's a 20-year veteran
of the United States Senate.
I've testified before him,
briefed him.
He asks smart questions,
has his eye on the ball.
He may be a grasping partisan,
but...
he's also a patriot.
(cellphone rings)
(ring)
What the hell are you doing?
Get back to the airfield now.
I'm not leaving my man behind.
That's idiotic, and you know it.
Watch yourself, Yevgeny
Olegovich.
The American President now
believes that Simone Martin
works for us.
You've overplayed your hand.
Simone is on a plane.
Which makes that nothing but a
crazy theory.
Correct. Which is why I'm
telling you to turn around.
We want it to stay that way.
Hold on, I'm getting another
call.
I am giving you a direct order
to turn around.
Do you understand?
It's Clayton. I have to call you
back.
Yevgeny, don't hang --
(clears throat)
Have you found him?
-CLAYTON: Yeah.
-Where is he?
A hospital in Bethesda.
Regent Medical Center.
-So he is sick?
-Not exactly.
I'm just leaving his apartment.
Apparently, he was
arrested last night.
Arrested?
Neighbors saw him being
dragged naked into a cruiser.
So... I don't understand.
Why is he in the hospital?
I don't know.
I'm on my way there now.
I just texted you the location.
(cellphone beeps)
-I'll be there in a few hours.
-You got it.
(cellphone rings)
(exhales slowly)
(telephone ringing)
(indistinct conversations)
(door closes)
(monitor beeping steadily)
(bag thuds)
Hey.
How you feelin'?
(raspy voice):
Thirsty.
-(ice rattles)
-Here.
(exhales slowly)
The doctor says there's
some damage to your heart,
but nothing that's
not fixable.
We're trying to find
the guy, the lawyer,
but so far he's...
(inhales deeply)
he's gone.
(exhales deeply)
Is he somebody
you'd seen before?
Do-do you remember a lawyer
coming in yesterday?
-Yeah.
-Okay, I'm sorry.
I-I didn't know how much
of that was still clear.
(sighs heavily)
Did he say anything
that might help us
track him down?
Are you still
protecting them?
Jesus Christ.
Are you serious?
You-you already told us.
Simone, McClendon... Are-are
we still playing this game?
I was having a heart attack.
(sighs)
Those people tried
to kill you.
The doctors didn't think
you were gonna make it.
They wanted me to track down
your parents. I...
I've been trying to figure out
how I was gonna tell your mother
you were poisoned
by Russians.
And that's
who you're loyal to?
People who would
do this to you?
You think
they're gonna stop now?
We can protect you.
Right.
We can.
But you won't.
Simone is gone. They got to her
and they probably killed her,
just like they tried
to kill you.
So, yeah, a few days ago,
you didn't mean much,
and we were not inclined
to protect you.
But now...
if you help us, I will.
I will do everything
in my power.
I will use all of my influence
with Saul Berenson
to see you don't spend
the rest of your life
in a federal prison.
You have an idea...
of who I am
and what I did...
and it's nothing like that.
♪ ♪
I believe you.
I really do.
(sighs)
Who was running you?
Was it Simone?
Or Yevgeny himself?
(sighs heavily)
He's awake and he's
gonna cooperate.
-SAUL: Is he coherent?
-CARRIE: Completely.
He won't be the friendliest
witness in the world,
but he'll confirm he was
a Russian asset.
And he'll confirm Simone
is an operative.
Thank God.
He give you anybody else?
He says they maintained
a pretty tight cell structure.
He didn't deal with anyone
but Simone.
-I suppose it's possible.
-Saul...
he told me there's
a burn code for emergencies,
delivered as a tweet.
And when you get it,
you don't just go to ground,
you torch your entire part
of the operation.
SAUL:
Okay.
It's one code for
the whole network.
Doesn't seem
particularly secure.
-Why would Yevgeny do that?
-It's a ripcord
if they need
to go down fast.
And, Saul,
there's a response code.
You reply
to confirm you're out.
Did he give you the code?
He did.
You think we can launch it?
I don't know. You tell me.
It means breaking into
the Twitter server,
which may or may not
be feasible.
Never mind
the legal issues.
I'll look into that end.
Talk to Clint and Max, see if
they can make it happen.
If we can launch this thing,
get a bunch of his operatives
to countersign...
It collapses
his entire operation.
Potentially I.D.'s
everyone in the network.
Carrie, I don't know
what to say. It's, uh...
I'll, uh,
I'll call you back.
(under breath):
Unbelievable.
♪ ♪
(chuckles)
(sniffles, exhales deeply)
(engine starts)
(camera shutter clicks)
(indistinct conversations)
♪ ♪
-(door opens)
-Senator Paley's here.
They're putting him in
the Situation Room now.
-WELLINGTON: Shall we?
-Have him sit for a minute.
There's something else
we need to talk about.
-What's that?
-Well, there'll be some
jockeying
for immunity and protection,
but our witness, Dante Allen,
has just agreed to cooperate.
-On the record?
-He also provided us
intel that might allow us
to make a move
on Yevgeny Gromov's network
here in the United States.
A cyber attack that will
disable his capabilities.
Probably identify a number
of his agents on the ground.
-What's the catch?
-It'll require
some NSA intervention
and an American
media company.
Probably best undertaken
without their knowledge.
-Say what you mean, Saul.
-Electronic breaking
and entering on U.S. citizens.
If you consider us
under attack,
you're at liberty
to authorize it.
-But?
-But if it ever leaks,
you look like you're
playing fast and loose
with the Constitution.
You notice the longer
this goes on,
the more I become the leader
my enemies say that I am.
Draft a finding
for me to sign.
Saul?
Let's do our best
to keep the club
on this one very small.
Yes, ma'am.
(door closes)
Sam. Thanks for coming in.
This couldn't wait
till morning?
We didn't think it should.
She joining us?
-She isn't.
-(chair rolls)
-(door closes)
-SAUL: Senator.
Saul.
Here you go.
Please.
(TV chimes)
(switch clicks, door closes)
(door closes)
Your witness, Simone Martin,
the woman you're accusing us
of disappearing,
is a Russian intelligence
officer.
-PALEY: What?
-SAUL: I'm afraid so.
(click)
She's attached to an operational
division inside the GRU
known as Directorate Six.
After the election,
she was posted to Washington
to rekindle a prior relationship
with Mr. Wellington.
-The Russians?
-SAUL: Yes, sir.
Yeah, give me
a fucking break.
Believe me, I had
a great deal of difficulty
accepting it myself.
-(chuckles)
-SAUL: We've uncovered
compelling evidence
that ties Ms. Martin
to the poisoning death
of General McClendon.
Plan was for her to testify
in front of your committee
that she'd done so
on behalf of Mr. Wellington
and the president.
If your evidence was
so compelling,
why'd you go to the trouble
of gettin' rid of her?
We didn't get rid of her.
The GRU did.
This is nonsense.
Come on, David.
As Hail Marys goes, this is
elaborate, even for you.
I wish it weren't true.
Well, it isn't.
If you could prove it,
we wouldn't be huddled in here,
just us chickens.
(click)
You know this man?
Yeah, Dante Allen.
He's, uh, FBI.
Had a good deal of interaction
with him, haven't you?
-Some.
-SAUL: In fact, he's the one
who brought Ms. Martin
to your attention, wasn't he?
-So?
-Go on. Connect the dots.
For Christ's sake.
You gonna tell me Castro
was in on this, too?
Mr. Allen is
in federal custody, Senator,
charged with violations
of the Espionage Act.
(door opens)
And he's talking.
(click)
So far, he's confirmed
a devastating account
of Russian interference
in our Democratic process,
including feeding you
and your committee
a steady diet of
manipulated information
designed to bring down
the president
of the United States.
WELLINGTON:
You've been played, Sam.
We all have.
And we all have a lot
to answer for
if this unfolds the wrong way.
We are counting on
your discretion.
My discretion?
Dialing back on the impeachment
rhetoric, for starters.
What's "UI"?
It says it next to my name.
Those are categories
used by the GRU.
"T" for target,
"RA" for recruited asset,
"UI" for...
What?
Useful Idiot.
(door opens,
touchscreen clicking)
(door closes)
All right, tell me how
this is gonna work.
CLINT:
We spoke to Davis at the NSA.
They've got a backdoor
into Twitter's base in Ireland.
They slip us in there,
and we launch the code.
Which is what, exactly?
It comes out of a Twitter handle
called "Real Trade Tramp."
Claims she's a freelance
stock tipster,
was fired by J.P. Morgan.
The accounts are registered
to a real estate LLC in Florida
called Wyker Properties.
Dante was told to follow
the account,
and if he saw the phrase "Darwin
loves Bitcoin," sign off.
Trade Tramp has
a few thousand followers,
mostly there
for the folksy advice.
They'll see the tweet
and presumably dump Bitcoin.
But the rest should reply.
"What about Ripple?"
means they copy.
It's a poison pill.
Sandy.
Or it's a digital flare
from Dante to Yevgeny,
warning him that
he's been compromised
and we're gonna deploy it
for him.
That's clever.
Your guy's not dumb.
Dante thinks they tried to
kill him and almost succeeded.
He's not gonna warn Yevgeny
we're on his trail.
That's your professional
opinion? Ah.
Yes.
And he has no idea it was you
that poisoned him? Not them?
-No, he doesn't.
-I'm just saying...
What, you really think there's
a single fucking person
on the planet more skeptical of
Dante Allen than me right now?
It's a digital dead drop.
We have no idea what it means.
Good judgment or not,
at least acknowledge the fact
that we are
shooting in the dark.
We got a better play?
(sighs)
Did the president
authorize it?
She's not crazy about it,
but, yeah.
If it works... (sighs)
what's the next step?
Launch the code, wait for
his team to acknowledge.
I got a watch list
a mile long.
Anything we get
on a live user,
I can crosscheck to see if
it's somebody we recognize.
Let's go.
(typing)
♪ ♪
(chirps)
(beeps, chirps)
♪ ♪
(exhales deeply)
JANET: How's 20 minutes?
Is that right from...
-Come with me.
-I'll get back to you.
-(door closes)
-How did Mathison
make contact with you?
Carrie? When?
Initially. You sorority sisters
or somethin'?
Charlie Gilweit at the DIA
called me,
said Carrie wanted to talk,
and I should take the meeting.
Did you check her out before you
put her in a room with me?
Charlie Gilweit's
a two-star general.
Unless the White House
has concocted
a truly epic web of lies,
which is, of course,
always a possibility,
I am the tip of the spear
of one of the most insidious
attacks ever perpetrated
on the institution
of American democracy.
And everything I've said in
public in the last three months
has been an elaborate fiction
authored by the military
intelligence wing
of the Russian government.
(scoffs)
Carrie... is a...
No, Simone Martin is.
And Dante Allen.
Mathison's just a stooge,
like me and you.
-How can you be sure?
-Because as explanations go,
this one bears the unfortunate
hallmark of making
all the fucking sense
in the world.
When are they going public
with the news?
I don't know.
Dante's in the middle of
briefing the authorities.
We need to get out
in front of it, then.
-I can...
-We can't.
-Why not?
-It would compromise the effort
to take down
the Russian network.
What we need is
a face-saving measure.
Build a narrative about unity
in the face of adversity.
Some crap like that.
Fine.
But when they're ready,
you get to make
the announcement
and your committee leads
the investigation in Congress.
They want a deal?
That's the price.
I can sit down with them
first thing in the morning.
Yeah.
(footsteps depart)
(door opens)
♪ ♪
(cellphone rings)
-Clayton.
-CLAYTON: What the hell
is going on?
-What do you mean?
-Are we going to ground?
What? No.
-The burn code. You sent it.
-No, I didn't.
What do you think? I'm making
it up? Look at the feed.
(chirping)
(speaks Russian)
-Have you found Dante?
-He's in the E.R.
They got a bunch of guys
guarding the place.
I don't know what's wrong
with him.
-He fucking gave them the code.
-What do you want me to do?
Nothing. Nothing.
Just stay there, wait for me.
Whatever you do, do not--
do not go to ground.
(beep)
(sighs)
(beep, line rings)
Signals Security Division.
Ana, get me Mirov, quickly.
Right away.
-Did you find him?
-Mm-hmm.
He's talking. He gave them my
shutdown protocol.
What?
My network is burning down.
Fucking hell.
I need 4 or 5 men at his
hospital.
Address: 2681 Colby --
Absolutely not. Get out of
there, right now.
Dante Allen needs to be
eliminated.
He's being guarded, I can't get
him with just Clayton.
Listen to me.
I need four men at Regent
Medical Center.
If you think we're gonna stage
an assault on a hospital in --
Dante Allen is already talking.
Do you get it or not?
If he's not controlled, then
everything,
everything we worked on, you,
me
this whole operation adds up to
fucking nothing!
Yevgeny, get off the road until
we have an extraction plan --
(beep, call disconnects,
cellphone thuds)
♪ ♪
(yells)
(chirps)
We got another one.
-Yep. Here we go.
-(typing)
Why are they all overseas?
Those are Tor servers--
Romania, Germany.
It gives us a place to start,
but it takes a while.
They work pretty hard
to stay anonymized.
We pray for the lazy ones--
some genius who logs in
from Starbucks.
(computer chirping)
-(computer bloops)
-Sandy.
Yep.
-SANDY: J. Wittkowski.
-(types)
U.T. Austin. Sophomore.
Little shit.
Another amplifier.
He's got the best part-time job
on campus.
Pays for a lot of Adderall.
Do they even know
who they're working for?
Most of them probably don't.
One or two may have been
recruited in person.
-(chirps)
-17, ladies and gentlemen.
(typing)
-Not bad.
-Yeah.
Hey, you mind if
I duck out for a bit?
I should touch base
with my sister.
She was in high dungeon.
Sure. It's up to
the quants now anyhow.
Thanks.
Be nice.
Your sister's just worried
about you and the kid.
Yeah.
CLINT:
Saul.
Where the hell is that?
Connecticut.
Is that a bounce
or a real location?
Give me a sec.
User logged in
from an AT&T server.
That's what I'm talkin' about.
There's one in every class.
-(bloops)
-Paul Wyler. Red Strake Capital.
SANDY: Paul Wyler.
Personal wealth manager.
SEC flagged him in 2013
for work done on behalf
of client Wang Xiaobo.
Beijing real estate
developer.
Wyler was investigated,
no charges filed.
If I'm Yevgeny, I'd let him
handle my money.
Client list, affiliated firms?
-Yep.
-(chirps)
-(line rings)
-18.
Sharon, I need counterintel
to have a friendly chat
with Paul Wyler.
-W-Y-L-E-R.
-Greenwich.
Greenwich, Connecticut.
(birds chirping)
(dog barking in distance)
(door creaks closed)
-Hey.
-Hi.
-How's it goin'?
-(sighs)
Okay.
Maggie around?
Uh, no.
I called her office.
They said she wasn't there.
Maybe a haircut
or something?
(sighs)
Franny's at school?
Yeah.
Was she all right
this morning?
Uh, better than yesterday.
She slept.
Good. I felt awful
about that.
I didn't wanna leave, but...
(inhales deeply)
there was a pretty big thing
going down
with a double agent
and a foreign infiltration.
I think we may have
stopped it.
Came up with a kind of amazing
counterpunch, actually.
That's great.
I'm sorry. I-I know this
sounds like science fiction.
I... believe you.
I believe you were doing
something important.
So does Maggie.
(sighs)
When's she coming home?
Uh, I don't know.
Can you call and ask her?
She's not answering
my calls
'cause she's trying
to make a point, and...
she's made it.
Can you just call and find out
when she'll be back?
(sighs) Um...
(sighs) All right,
know what? Forget it.
She'll pick up
the home phone.
Carrie. Carrie.
-Carrie, stop.
-What the fuck?
Don't call her. She's...
(inhales deeply)
She's talking to a lawyer.
-About?
-Franny.
♪ ♪
What's the name
of this lawyer?
Goddamn it. Tell me
where your wife is.
No. No.
I'm sorry. I-I know
that this is painful.
(voice breaking):
Look, I made a mistake.
Bringing Franny to Dante's,
that was...
that was a big mistake.
But I am not the only parent
in this world who has stumbled.
-That was more than a stumble.
-Yeah, I'm aware of that.
I-I don't really think
that you are.
You can't provide her
with a stable home,
so we are going to. Not for
a week, not for six months.
That is too damaging
for a child.
And if she doesn't get
some stability in her life,
she's gonna end up
just like you.
Carrie.
(cellphone rings)
(sighs heavily)
Hello?
SIMONE: What in God's name
are you doing?
Mirov called. He's furious.
He said you won't
answer the phone.
Dante Allen is cooperating
with the Americans, Simone.
I know, and I'm sorry.
But we are no longer
in a position
to salvage the network,
which means you have to...
I don't give a fuck about
the network, Simone.
-They've got one of us
in custody.
-Mirov's panicking,
and so are you. Calm down,
speak to him respectfully,
and maybe he'll send you
reinforcement.
Did he say that?
He said if you
don't re-establish contact,
he will designate you rogue.
Did you hear me?
(sighs) Yes.
I'm sorry about Dante.
Ah, it's not your fault.
Of course it is.
And I will take
full responsibility.
-(call waiting beeps)
-Hey, uh, Simi,
I got another call coming.
-(beep)
-It's probably Mirov.
Answer him.
Don't make him wait.
-(beep)
-Yeah, I'll call you back.
-(clears throat)
Mirov, I'm sorry.
I understand you have a
complicated --
It's Wyler. What the fuck
is going on?
WOMAN: Honey,
who are these people?
PAUL:
Are you there? Hello?
-(baby crying)
-(woman shouting indistinctly)
Are you calling me from
an encrypted line?
I don't fucking know!
I have two assholes from
the FBI at my front door!
What am I supposed
to tell them?!
Nothing. Not a single word.
Do you understand?
Don't say anything. Get a lawyer
and never call me again.
-What the fuck are you...
-(call disconnects)
(cellphone thuds)
(engine revs)
(window whirring)
(cellphone clatters)
(keys clatter)
-BILL: This isn't a good idea.
-CARRIE: Thanks for your input.
-Carrie...
-Stay the fuck away
from my kid.
-Carrie!
-(door slams)
(sighs)
(dials cellphone)
(line rings)
Mirov called.
Says he can't reach you.
Yeah. I had to dump
my phone.
Is he sending a team?
No.
(sighs deeply)
He has a plane waiting.
He wants me
to take you there.
I told him it was
a nonstarter.
(chuckles)
What does it look like
in there?
Allen's still in the E.R.
They moved him
to a private area--
locked halls, key cards,
security guards all over
the place checking I.D.
Family and patients only.
I got in there for a minute,
but they hustled me out quick.
Hospital security or...
Feds.
-(pats arm)
-Swap seats with me.
I wanna drive.
Do you have another phone
for me?
Yeah.
-(gunshot)
-(gasps)
-YEVGENY: Breathe.
-(wheezes)
Breathe. You'll be fine.
We're at the hospital.
(wheezes)
(tires peal)
Help! He's been shot!
GSW at 1B. This way.
Get a gurney in there.
(door buzzes)
MAN: Here we go, here we go.
Let's get him in the R...
-(Clayton gasping)
-He's not breathing!
-MAN: We gotta control
this bleeding.
-Let's get him on hypo O2.
-WOMAN: Excuse us, excuse us!
-MAN: Get a peripheral pulse.
-MAN: How many extra fluids
do you have?
-No pulse. Start the pressure.
Sir, why don't you come with me?
We'll get you cleaned up.
MAN:
Cardiac surgeon down here.
(door closes)
Hi.
-Sorry, can you help me?
-Sure.
I need to pull my daughter out
a little early today.
Franny Mathison. She's in
Room 107 with Mrs. Clarke.
Of course. Let me just
call the classroom.
Mm-hmm.
(beep)
Hi, Julia.
Is Franny Mathison in the room
now or are they in the gym?
Tanya.
I'm going to call you
right back.
Ms. Mathison.
Hi. I'm Jim Lippard.
I think we met at, uh,
Curriculum Night.
Uh, yeah. I-I think so.
(chuckles)
Franny's uncle, uh, Bill,
I think?
-Yeah.
-He just called
and asked that Franny stay here
-for the rest of the school day.
-She and I have an appointment.
So I'll check in
with my brother-in-law later,
but I'd like to get
my daughter now.
He said there's a lot
going on right now.
And I know these things
can be tricky.
Franny's got a lot of
people who love her,
-which is great.
-I'm Franny's mother.
My sister and her husband spend
a lot of time with her.
She's stayed with them when
I've had to work overseas,
but I'm her
only legal guardian,
and I need you
to bring her out now.
Or I-I can
go get her myself.
-I'll get her.
-Thank you.
They're in the gym.
♪ ♪
MAN: Continued compressions.
His pulses are not breathing.
-WOMAN: We're losing him.
-MAN: He's crashing, guys.
WOMAN:
Set up an intubation tray.
-(man speaking indistinctly)
-(beeping)
MAN: Okay, keep bagging him.
Just keep pushing.
All right, suction.
WOMAN (over PA):
Code blue in E.R.
MAN: All right,
let's go, let's go.
Line started for me.
(cart wheels rolling)
(beep)
(door opens,
cart wheels rolling)
(door closes)
♪ ♪
(monitor beeping steadily)
(sniffs)
♪ ♪
(grunts, inhales sharply)
Don't worry.
I'm not gonna hurt you.
I just need to know what
you told the government.
Fuck you.
You tried to kill me.
What are you
talking about?
You poisoned me.
That's why you're here?
We didn't try to poison you.
The lawyer... you sent.
We didn't send you
a lawyer.
Who was holding you?
Mathison?
So she tells you that we sent
someone in to poison you,
and you believed her?
I don't poison
my own people.
I have...
I have many flaws...
(chuckles)
but that isn't one of them.
I protect my people.
You don't believe me?
Call her.
Call her and ask.
And listen.
Listen to her voice
as she works out
how to lie to you.
♪ ♪
(cellphone chirps,
touchscreen clicks)
(line rings)
(cellphone rings)
(ring)
(click)
-Hey, sweetheart. You ready?
-Yeah.
Mrs. Clarke said there's
a spelling sheet in her folder.
-(cellphone rings)
-It's in the backpack.
They're doing it in class today.
-(ring)
-Franny can bring it tomorrow.
-Uh, excuse me for one second.
Uh... Dante?
-DANTE: Yeah.
Can I call you back in, like,
five minutes?
Did you poison me?
Um...
-W-what are you...
-The lawyer.
Was he one of yours?
Are you out of
your fucking mind?
No. I did not.
My God, why would you even
think that? That's...
That's insane. U-um...
-I'm gonna come there.
-Mommy.
I-I just picked up Franny.
We'll come to the hospital.
-(Dante breathing raggedly)
-Dante?
Dante.
Hang up that phone.
♪ ♪
Yevgeny's here.
Lock down the hospital...
(call disconnects)
Dante! Fuck!
(grunting)
(muffled shouts)
(inhales deeply,
exhales sharply)
-CARRIE: Aw, shit.
-(beep)
Um... some-something's happened
and I have to go.
She has to stay here.
It-it's an emergency.
-(line rings)
-SAUL: Carrie.
Yevgeny's in the hospital.
He found Dante.
Lock down the hospital. Hey,
you need to go back to class.
I love you, baby. I'm gonna see
you after school, okay?
-I have to go.
-No, Mommy! No, Mommy, no.
No, babe. I gotta go.
I gotta go.
♪ ♪
Franny!
-(engine stalls, turns over)
-Shit.
FRANNY:
Mommy!
-(gasps)
-(tires screech)
(gasping)
Get her!
No, Mommy, no!
No!
(tires peal, engine revs)
(exhales sharply)
-(thud)
-(gasps, exhales sharply)
(sobbing)
(exhales sharply)
No, no, no!
(tires screech, horn blares)
(breathing heavily)
(engine revving)
(brakes screech)
You cannot park there!
You don't have a tag.
(indistinct radio chatter)
(girl wailing)
CARRIE: What happened?
Is he okay?
He didn't make it.
(echoes) He didn't make it.
♪ ♪
(breathing heavily)
CARRIE:
Brody!
-(crowd shouting)
-Brody!
(exhales sharply)
(crowd continues shouting,
gunshot)
-(gasps)
-(crowd continues shouting)
(rapid gunfire)
(gunfire continues)
(crowd continues shouting)
♪ ♪
-Hey!
-(monitor flatlining)
(gasps, screaming)
-(crying)
-What did you do?
(screaming)
(monitor beeping steadily)
♪ ♪
(monitor continues beeping)
(monitor beeping rapidly)
(monitor beeping steadily)
♪ ♪
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH